docs/pages/1-install-photoshop-using-bcit-account.md, before:

# Installing Photoshop via BCIT

## Log into BCIT Software Portal

1. Visit the [BCIT Software Portal.](https://bcit.onthehub.com/WebStore/Welcome.aspx)
    - Alternatively, search Google for "bcit software portal hub" and select the first result.
2. Click **Sign In** on the top-right corner of the site.
    ![software portal](./images-installation/install_1.jpg)
3. Log in with your BCIT credentials (BCIT email and password).
    You will be returned to the previous page once signed in.
4. Search for the term 'adobe'. There should be only 1 result, "_Adobe Creative Cloud Pro_". Click **Add to Cart** to the right of the page.
    ![software portal](./images-installation/install_2.jpg)

## Activate Adobe License in BCIT Software Portal
* !need screenshots!!
    
## Download Adobe Creative Cloud

1. Click **Install**. You will be led to the "Download Creative Cloud" webpage. ![portalACC install](./images-installation/install_3_1.jpg)
2. Click **Download Creative Cloud**
    ![software portal](./images-installation/DownloadCC.jpg)
3. Launch the downloaded **Creative_Cloud_Set-Up.exe**.
4. Whenever prompted to sign in for authentication, **log in using your BCIT email**.
    ![CC adobe login](./images-installation/CC_BCIT_login.jpg)

## Download Photoshop in the Creative Cloud portal.

- Once logged in, you should be on the _All Apps_ page for desktop by default

1. Click the **Install** button for Photoshop.
    ![CC Photoshop install](./images-installation/CC_landingpage.jpg)

2. Click the **Open** photoshop button on the updated Creative Cloud window after installation.
    ![CC Photoshop open](./images-installation/CC_open_Ps_button.jpg)

## Open image file in Photoshop

- **Method 1**:
    - Open your image file by dragging and dropping it onto the indicated area on the landing page.
        ![Photoshop landing](./images-installation/Ps_landing_page.jpg)
- **Method 2**: by menu navigation:
    1. Click **File** -> **Open**.
    2. Click the **On your computer** button on the lower left of the popup window.
        ![CC Photoshop open](./images-installation/OpenfromCCwindow.jpg)
    3. Select your desired image file in the file explorer and click open.

Commit message:

fixed installation and rollover page
included missing screenshots for installation page

docs/pages/1-install-photoshop-using-bcit-account.md, after:

# Installing Photoshop via BCIT

## Log into BCIT Software Portal

1. Visit the [BCIT Software Portal.](https://bcit.onthehub.com/WebStore/Welcome.aspx)
    - Alternatively, search Google for "bcit software portal hub" and select the first result.
2. Click **Sign In** on the top-right corner of the site.
    ![software portal](./images-installation/install_1.jpg)
3. Log in with your BCIT credentials (BCIT email and password).
    You will be returned to the previous page once signed in.
4. Search for the term 'adobe'. There should be only 1 result, "_Adobe Creative Cloud Pro_". Click **Add to Cart** to the right of the page.
    ![software portal](./images-installation/install_2.jpg)

## Activate Adobe License in BCIT Software Portal

1. Click the checkout button to confirm your purchase.
![software portal](./images-installation/license_checkout.jpg)

2. Accept the licensing agreement and proceed with on-screen instructions.
![software portal](./images-installation/license_accept.jpg)

## Download Adobe Creative Cloud

1. Click **Install**. You will be led to the "Download Creative Cloud" webpage. ![portalACC install](./images-installation/install_3_1.jpg)
2. Click **Download Creative Cloud**
    ![software portal](./images-installation/DownloadCC.jpg)
3. Launch the downloaded **Creative_Cloud_Set-Up.exe**.
4. Whenever prompted to sign in for authentication, **log in using your BCIT email**.
    ![CC adobe login](./images-installation/CC_BCIT_login.jpg)

## Download Photoshop in the Creative Cloud portal.

- Once logged in, you should be on the _All Apps_ page for desktop by default

1. Click the **Install** button for Photoshop.
    ![CC Photoshop install](./images-installation/CC_landingpage.jpg)

2. Click the **Open** photoshop button on the updated Creative Cloud window after installation.
    ![CC Photoshop open](./images-installation/CC_open_Ps_button.jpg)

## Open image file in Photoshop

- **Method 1**:
    - Open your image file by dragging and dropping it onto the indicated area on the landing page.
        ![Photoshop landing](./images-installation/Ps_landing_page.jpg)
- **Method 2**: by menu navigation:
    1. Click **File** -> **Open**.
    2. Click the **On your computer** button on the lower left of the popup window.
        ![CC Photoshop open](./images-installation/OpenfromCCwindow.jpg)
    3. Select your desired image file in the file explorer and click open.
        
        - Congradulations! You've successfully installed Photoshop.
