docs/pages/2-crop-and-compress.md, before:

This section will focus on using Photoshop to crop and compress an image.

Cropping images is essential for presentations, as slides demand only the most important information be shown. Additionally, the nature of web-based information demands images be effectively compressed to meet file size standards.

### Open your Image

1. Ensure Photoshop is installed and opened. See the section on [Installing Photoshop](./1-install-photoshop-using-bcit-account.md) for more information.

    When you first open Photoshop, the main menu will appear. Any recently opened projects will appear in the center of the screen, but for now we'll be focusing on opening a new project using a pre-made image.

    ![Photoshop's main menu.](./images/crop-and-compress/main-menu.png)

2. At the main menu, open your desired image.
    - **Method 1**:
        - Drag and drop your image onto Photoshop's interface.
    - **Method 2**: 
        - Expand the `File` tab in the navigation bar.
        - Click `Open` to open an image.
        - Navigate to your image using the opened File Explorer window.
        - Open your image.

    Your file should now be opened as a new project.

    ![Photoshop's interface with a project opened.](./images/crop-and-compress/image-opened.png)

### Crop your Image

When an Photoshop project is opened, the most relevant editing tools are displayed on the left sidebar.
![Photoshop's left sidebar, showing all relevant editing tools.](./images/crop-and-compress/tools-on-sidebar.png)

3. Navigate to the sidebar and activate the Crop tool.
    > All tools have keyboard shortcuts for easy access. The default shortcut for the Crop tool is `C`.

    ![The Photoshop sidebar, with the icon for the Crop tool highlighted and selected.](./images/crop-and-compress/crop-tool-marked.png)

    When the Crop tool is active, the edges of the image will now be outlined, with bold handles at each edge and corner.

    ![The Photoshop interface with the Crop tool selected. The image is now outlined, with handles at the edges and corners.](./images/crop-and-compress/before-crop.png)

4. Drag the handles to crop the image to your desired size.

    ![Photoshop's interface, with the Crop tool's borders shrunk. Only a quarter of the original image is now selected.](./images/crop-and-compress/after-crop.png)

    The button to apply your changes is on the top of the screen, to the right of the navigation bar.

    ![Photoshop's navigation bar, with the Apply Changes button highlighted and selected.](./images/crop-and-compress/apply-changes-marked.png)

5. Click the checkmark at the top of the screen to apply your changes.
    > The default shortcut to apply your changes is `Enter`.

    The displayed image should now be cropped to your desired size.

    ![The Photoshop interface after a Crop has been applied. Only a quarter of the original image is now visible.](./images/crop-and-compress/image-is-cropped.png)

    > While the image may appear to be finalized, changes are only truly made upon **Export**ing your project to a new image.

Once your image has been cropped and any additional changes have been made, it's time to compress your image.

### Compress and Export your Image

1. Expand the `File` tab in the navigation bar.

    ![Photoshop's navigation bar, with the "File" menu opened.](./images/crop-and-compress/file-tab-opened.png)

2. Hover your mouse over the `Export` submenu to open it.

    ![The "File" menu of the navigation bar, with the "Export" submenu opened and the "Export As" button highlighted.](./images/crop-and-compress/export-submenu-opened.png)

3. Select `Export As...` to open the Export menu.

    The Export menu should now be open, showing your edited image.

    ![Photoshop's "Export As" menu, with all settings at their default values.](./images/crop-and-compress/export-as-menu.png)

4. In the `File Settings` category, change `Format` to `JPG`.
    > After changing the format to JPG, a slider will appear labelled `Quality`. Dragging this slider will change the quality of your image; lower quality means a lower file size.

    ![The "File Settings" category of the "Export As" menu. The "Format" setting has the "JPG" option highlighted.](./images/crop-and-compress/change-to-jpg.png)

5. Click the button labelled `Export` at the bottom-right.

    ![The "Export As" menu, with the "Export" button highlighted.](./images/crop-and-compress/export-button.png)

6. Navigate to where you want the compressed image to be stored using the opened File Explorer window.

7. Rename your file if desired and click `Save`.

    ![Windows 10's File Explorer menu, navigated to the user's desktop. The final image is being exported as "final-image.jpg".](./images/crop-and-compress/save-as.png)

You now have a cropped and compressed file, ready to be uploaded to your website or presentation!

![The final result - a cropped, compressed image.](./images/crop-and-compress/final-image.jpg)

Commit message:

Added image to Method 2 of opening file

docs/pages/2-crop-and-compress.md, after:

This section will focus on using Photoshop to crop and compress an image.

Cropping images is essential for presentations, as slides demand only the most important information be shown. Additionally, the nature of web-based information demands images be effectively compressed to meet file size standards.

### Open your Image

1. Ensure Photoshop is installed and opened. See the section on [Installing Photoshop](../1-install-photoshop-using-bcit-account/) for more information.

    When you first open Photoshop, the main menu will appear. Any recently opened projects will appear in the center of the screen, but for now we'll be focusing on opening a new project using a pre-made image.

    ![Photoshop's main menu.](./images/crop-and-compress/main-menu.png)

2. At the main menu, open your desired image.
    - **Method 1**:
        - Drag and drop your image onto Photoshop's interface.
    - **Method 2**: 
        - Expand the `File` tab in the navigation bar.
        - Click `Open` to open an image.
            ![The navigation bar, with the File tab opened and the Open option highlighted.](./images/crop-and-compress/file_open.png)
        - Navigate to your image using the opened File Explorer window.
        - Open your image.

    Your file should now be opened as a new project.

    ![Photoshop's interface with a project opened.](./images/crop-and-compress/image-opened.png)

### Crop your Image

When an Photoshop project is opened, the most relevant editing tools are displayed on the left sidebar.
![Photoshop's left sidebar, showing all relevant editing tools.](./images/crop-and-compress/tools-on-sidebar.png)

3. Navigate to the sidebar and activate the Crop tool.
    > All tools have keyboard shortcuts for easy access. The default shortcut for the Crop tool is `C`.

    ![The Photoshop sidebar, with the icon for the Crop tool highlighted and selected.](./images/crop-and-compress/crop-tool-marked.png)

    When the Crop tool is active, the edges of the image will now be outlined, with bold handles at each edge and corner.

    ![The Photoshop interface with the Crop tool selected. The image is now outlined, with handles at the edges and corners.](./images/crop-and-compress/before-crop.png)

4. Drag the handles to crop the image to your desired size.

    ![Photoshop's interface, with the Crop tool's borders shrunk. Only a quarter of the original image is now selected.](./images/crop-and-compress/after-crop.png)

    The button to apply your changes is on the top of the screen, to the right of the navigation bar.

    ![Photoshop's navigation bar, with the Apply Changes button highlighted and selected.](./images/crop-and-compress/apply-changes-marked.png)

5. Click the checkmark at the top of the screen to apply your changes.
    > The default shortcut to apply your changes is `Enter`.

    The displayed image should now be cropped to your desired size.

    ![The Photoshop interface after a Crop has been applied. Only a quarter of the original image is now visible.](./images/crop-and-compress/image-is-cropped.png)

    > While the image may appear to be finalized, changes are only truly made upon **Export**ing your project to a new image.

Once your image has been cropped and any additional changes have been made, it's time to compress your image.

### Compress and Export your Image

1. Expand the `File` tab in the navigation bar.

    ![Photoshop's navigation bar, with the "File" menu opened.](./images/crop-and-compress/file-tab-opened.png)

2. Hover your mouse over the `Export` submenu to open it.

    ![The "File" menu of the navigation bar, with the "Export" submenu opened and the "Export As" button highlighted.](./images/crop-and-compress/export-submenu-opened.png)

3. Select `Export As...` to open the Export menu.

    The Export menu should now be open, showing your edited image.

    ![Photoshop's "Export As" menu, with all settings at their default values.](./images/crop-and-compress/export-as-menu.png)

4. In the `File Settings` category, change `Format` to `JPG`.
    > After changing the format to JPG, a slider will appear labelled `Quality`. Dragging this slider will change the quality of your image; lower quality means a lower file size.

    ![The "File Settings" category of the "Export As" menu. The "Format" setting has the "JPG" option highlighted.](./images/crop-and-compress/change-to-jpg.png)

5. Click the button labelled `Export` at the bottom-right.

    ![The "Export As" menu, with the "Export" button highlighted.](./images/crop-and-compress/export-button.png)

6. Navigate to where you want the compressed image to be stored using the opened File Explorer window.

7. Rename your file if desired and click `Save`.

    ![Windows 10's File Explorer menu, navigated to the user's desktop. The final image is being exported as "final-image.jpg".](./images/crop-and-compress/save-as.png)

You now have a cropped and compressed file, ready to be uploaded to your website or presentation!

![The final result - a cropped, compressed image.](./images/crop-and-compress/final-image.jpg)
